Scenarios

User Changes Interface:
The user may use our application and decide to change the interface. 
One scenario of this is that the user changes the colors of different
objects within the application to make it easier for the user to see
and differentiate between objects.

Play Tic Tac Toe:
The user may use our application to play a game of Tic Tac Toe.
The user has multiple ways to play the game. They can attempt to get
a new high score, by trying to beat a friend or opponent.

Play RPG Maze Game:
The user of our application may want to use the application to play 
a RPG Maze game. They can play the game thoroughly to try and beat
their previous scores of the game. 

Play Connect Four:
The user of our application may want to use the application to play
a game of connect four. They can play to win against a computer. 
They can also play to win against a local friend or opponent. They 
can play the game in multiple different ways to their liking.

View Scoreboard/Leaderboard:
Users are able to access our application and are able to see 
scoreboards and leaderboards for the three games that are included 
within our application. They can analyze these scores and attempt 
to access these games in an attempt to place themselves on these 
different scoreboards/leaderboards. 

View Help Features:
Users may use the application and have confusion on how to use the 
application. If this is the case, the user may want to view different
help features within the application to help guide them through the 
application. The user can use these set of help features to then
participate in other scenarios such as the playing of any of the 
base three games. 

Changing of Difficulty:
The user may want to change the difficulty on select games. In select
games such as Tic Tac Toe, and Connect Four, the user has the option 
to change the difficulty within these games if they are playing against
the computer. If this is the case, then the user has the capability to
play these select games on harder or easier difficulties to improve
their experience within the application.

Changing of Games:
The user has the capability to change games. This option allows the 
user to switch between the games that are within the application. 
This scenario allows the user to have more options and allows them 
to dictate which game they want to play and when they want to play it. 

Exiting the Application/Games:
The user may go through our application and decide that they no longer
want to play any more of the games that are offered and decide that
they want to close the application or games. The user may do this for
a variety of reasons, however that capability is offered.

Addition of Games:
The user may not like the original games offered and may want to use our
application as a game launcher to launch different games. This allows
the user to use this feature to add games so that their games can be 
launched from the same launcher.
